everyone starts out knowing nothing we
eventually learn but not without some
hard painful lessons thankfully we've
got the best medicine for that laughter
good company and origin PC who sponsored
this video with their Eon 16x and Eon 15
SL laptops so come along with us as we
laugh together at some of the internet's
worst tech support Gore like this one
removing Ram from a computer oh my God
you know what I've actually done that
one time oh I've totally done this it's
super cool I did to the school computers
in high
school and we're off to a great start
did it look like
this you know I try to just block that
memory out of my mind what were you
thinking uh that it was off oh my God
you did it on by accident oh yeah you
know what's great though I've seen it
where you can actually rip out RAM
sticks and the computer will work for a
little bit of time as long as it doesn't
try to access whatever was in that
particular stick of Ram or doesn't try
to write to it because the computer
still thinks it'll have 8 GB yeah or
whatever you had right like this looks
like somebody took one stick out and
then the system was like where did those
bits go I don't like this and that's
what happened someone unplugged
something and now the office internet
doesn't work oh my
God you know what's crazy our server
room looked like that it wasn't this bad
it was that bad it wasn't this bad I
mean that should be easy to figure out
though just find your modem I mean you
know you can figure that out potentially
yeah it depends on what you unplugged
and if you actually have everything
documented I understand how it happens
and you know what a lot of the time it's
not the fault of the people who are
actually in charge of admitting the
thing some third party contractor will
come in they won't label anything and
then your boss is breathing down your
neck or your team is breathing down your
neck to get their systems back up and
running you go okay well I've solved it
now I'll label it later times 15 years
plan a burn the office down no one looks
for a bullet in a
bombing custom Loop oops oh God I hold
on hold on no I see it already there's
some things about this that look very
good the orientation of the radiator
will help the air bleed out of
it I think I see where this is
going no had nothing to do with that
what I had to look
away what where did it where did the
seal break it didn't look like the tubes
can you play in slowmo on this don't
have the O-rings in the CPU BL it's
there though no the O-ring is not in I
have seen this happen this generation of
block needed to be disassembled in order
to change out the mountain remember yeah
I totally remember it that's horrible if
you forget to put the O-ring in hey that
don't seal this is salvageable but my
God this is why when you test your water
cooling Loop you do it with water not
the like Blue Smurf vomit it whatever
the hell that is y oh that's blue
fortnite chug jug here we're
overanalyzing it big brain yeah well
with the higher level of water in the
loop you could have the pressure and the
gravity no they don't have an o-ring in
it I should tell them it's not a
touchcreen
[Laughter]
oh oh okay why is everything they want
to touch right in the center Apple if
this isn't enough evidence that you need
to make your deves touchcreen I don't
know what will be what it looks like
they were drawing here what are they
drawing are they trying to summon some
Demon it's like someone just lotioned up
and went to town on the monitor dude
someone's using lotion at their desk for
this you can tell holy but I like it
this way it's conven oh my God okay yo
this is you like in another life I
didn't even realize how bad this was
does it work I mean that's a cool
function if you could make it work that
way like if your pH would yeah I'm I'm
all for it when I first looked at this I
was seeing the glass and I was seeing a
phone propped on the glass and I was
like man you go and touch that phone
it's going to knock over the glass your
phone's going to get I thought it was
like a battery pack yeah I didn't even
notice that the phone is split apart
yeah and then the liquid would spill
directly into it but you know you what
you can also do is just lean the phone
against the glass oh yeah oh can you see
them in the thing yeah you could see
them oh yeah absolute Giga Chad right
there is that Elijah okay that's gross
Go full screen we need to zoom in I
don't know if I don't know if I can
handle
that
no oh no this is actually disgusting
look it's convenient so he's got
Heineken and Red Bull and Red Bull lots
of smok lots of smoke is that pudding in
the bottom left dude dude the top of the
desk is the tip of this garbage Bird
yeah but look at the screen look go up
up up up up see like he they're showing
it Power Aid got to stay healthy you
know why do you say healthy and there's
like 17 packs worth of cig stay hydrated
I guess that looks like dude that looks
I think that's piss oh no oh God are
those pea
bottles oh no oh no why would you leave
them
open yeah that's the problem Jake and
they're on the look I this just just
seems fake like I want to know if this
is staged and I think we can figure it
out look at this banana this banana has
not been there that long you know you're
right A lot of it looks too new like why
are all the McDonald's cups like so
pristine and like the Red Bull can's not
crumpled I mean maybe this is just a
hard day's work you're drinking a lot
you're going to be peeing a lot maybe
they take pride in their degeneracy like
they've been like this for a long time
yeah check the comments let's see what
the comments think it's just apple juice
how is that possible are those Splitters
what am I looking at wait go go back are
those like those two inone ethernet
splitters that we did a video on yeah
looks like that like don't work what are
they they can work if you use them the
right way okay cuz you can use only four
wires and so if you split the two pairs
or two sets of four wires you can use
that way for like cat five or whatever
but look at all the empty ports on the
switch above them why are they
splitting like what are they doing I
don't know what's going on with that
what is the point okay well what's on
the next rack oh God the floor oh you
can't even walk in here oh the wires
hanging from rack to Rack really pisses
me off more in all honesty what am I
even looking at like this is a huge
building with a non-trivial number of
people presumably who are being paid
which tells you already that whatever
company is operating here has a
non-trivial amount of Revenue that they
clearly do not invest in it who hurt you
who hurt you that's like if somebody
calls you to come work on this when you
walk in the room you just go I'm a bill
you hourly no you go you turn you turn
around and you leave no I'd take it what
dude no I'd take the money no I take the
money you know what it seems like
everyone in the comments are on your
side I'll be paid hourly please it's got
to be hourly there's no way I would
quote the job because clearly that's
cobbled together from generations of of
a hardware nothing like malicious
compliance speaking of malicious
compliance our sponsor wants me to talk
about the Eon 16x but I'm going to do it
my way it's got a 2560 x600 16in display
running at 240 HZ for a smooth gaming
experience but if you want to use
another display like we are today it's
got a ton of options for I/O it's got
Thunderbolt 4 which makes outputting
video or connecting to a dock super easy
it's got USB 3.2 Gen 2 type-c which
supports display port and Power and it's
got good oldfashioned HDMI 2.1 plus
unlike many modern devices it's got
three USB typea ports and a headphone
mic combo Jack what it doesn't have is
what we're about to look at my heart
stopped beating that looks like our set
oh I've seen this oh my God this is
Sarah oh good it's us oh no it's us why
oh God I remember this oh
yeah oh God it's not
aligned oh God what is it so
Crunchy just ganking it out oh Sarah
please just the the physical pain of lus
is great here this is just as hard to
watch the second time this is the worst
one so far like actually oh no this got
7,000 up votes to be fair the computer
worked after this Microsoft please
remove the nightmare that his SK from
install
these were Dark
Times all right that's enough of
that oh my
goodness oh
wow oh
God you want to touch a Wi-Fi there now
look accessibility is a good thing yeah
this wasn't the right way to do it yeah
no so this is argument for Imaging
things oh yes that's a great skipping
all this garbage yeah so sometimes when
you have to do Mass installs for a
office or a school you can set up one
laptop and then use Microsoft's Imaging
to create that and install it on
multiple devices yeah that way you don't
have to listen to a thousand cortas yeah
you make the user do it with the Autobox
experience exactly there's got to be a
phobia of this people repeating the same
thing over and over again the voices
it manager workstation user one is the
domain admin password is was the LED
name really I thought Windows doesn't
even let you do that this Windows 7 dude
what I just like how sorry who is this
user one is the domain
admin at least it's not just
password that's worse because at least
with password they'd have to guess this
is just telling you what the password is
that's fair yeah hey well the good news
is when they fire their it manager they
won't have any trouble getting into the
system yeah exactly I mean there's
nothing like building out and
maintaining a fancy authentication
system and then just making the password
the username just don't have it then
this is the kind of office where like no
one's really in charge of it oh yeah
right someone has to go kick the rotor
right like this guy's leading the horse
to water right here yeah holy single cat
5e holding up a rack huh oh they' tied
it on here I'm so
uncomfortable oh I've seen this one yeah
yeah yeah uh-huh mhm oh my gosh that's
mint I'm so
mad this one really bothers me I'm
confused now cuz it should like hook in
here yeah why did they take it down it
probably fell you know what I bet it is
I think the Deep stuff is too deep to
fit in it but then they've got stuff
just hanging out the front anyway okay
so it must sit in the bottom portion
like it came out yeah here's the pills
that help them feel better yeah we'll
just we'll just tie this ethernet cable
we've done Jank but I this is bad this
is terrible don't do that at all why my
internet keeps dropping oh is this just
like follow the cable okay is there
going to be a cat at one end of it this
has got to be a cat is this the power
cable it's a phone line it looks like no
that's the power cable okay okay Power
up over there the heck is going on okay
we're going okay is this going to be a
jump scare are we going to get
huh to another Power oh my God don't do
that don't daisy
chain well are we going down into the
basement did we just we're in the
basement now is he a crack sha another
power adapter surely he's got a closer
power
connection is the house not wired for
electricity except for one Outlet in the
basement somewhere no this legitimately
possible just open across the floor like
the neighbor's house another Power
connector what the sorry pardon my
language it looks like Asia light
switch
oh there is so much wrong with that you
know what's funny is I went through this
with yvon's phone not charging and I
realized that her phone charger was
plugged into the bedside yeah yeah I got
you and it's got a light switch for yeah
yeah it took me it took me like an
embarrassing amount of time to figure
out why sometimes it didn't work I'm
surprised it booted I mean the mm
doesn't take a ton of power probably so
I mean but with how much other daisy
chaining stuff we don't know what was on
the other end of those 18 fridges on it
who knows what else yeah powering the
neighborhood grow up yeah yeah grow up
God damn it Chromebooks returned end of
the year yeah yep yeah I at my school we
had a laptop program we had thinkpads
kids did the worst stuff to their
laptops why would you do this a child
this isn't your property so In fairness
though it's kind of a
Vibe I kind of like it Halloween who
needs H key when you have Halloween key
yeah they're like legitimately using it
to learn a for apple what else we got
here there's more pictures too oh is
there yeah on the right let's see if
there's I study
pimpology I'll Thunder your
grandmother what I'll Thunder your
grandmother that's not that bad that
one's pretty tasteful yeah I like this
one yeah book definitely Chromebook it's
done with like watercolor paint like
they did this in art class this is
pretty tasteful you know what else is
tasteful is the back of the origin
laptops with the next talking point no
it's too soon too it's so such a good no
it's seg way do okay fine okay fine
we'll talk about Origins UV printing
there this was done in a tasteful way as
well with the Eon 16x and the 15sl you
can add your choice of HD UV prints or
laser etching to make them unique and
while they're not going to be able to
fix what we just saw if you do have any
issues you can always call their support
line for helping hand okay user spilled
coffee on his laptop oh no and put it in
the oven
no oh a think pad too oh there's so much
wrong with that sentence and that is a
fraction of how dead everything inside
it is now the best part is think pads
have drainage holes in them usually so
your liquid will flow through it that is
true that is some ThinkPad laptops not
all of them yeah but still with coffee
you probably want to take it apart to
get some of the gunk out cuz it's not
just water if it just black coffee maybe
you're okay butar going to something in
there right yeah but not the oven that's
the tldr no not the oven the nipple is
fine though you can still use that
laptop fireproof nipple yeah you lost
the F key entirely you can't pay any
respects to this at all
F oh man person mistook LED polarizing
film for protective plastic and peeled
it off oh yes
no I'm actually impressed that they were
able to get that much of it off I hope
you didn't want to close any programs
ever again I think we have an old video
on this where you can actually take that
film and like make glasses out of it so
you can have like a private screen it's
also a super fun science project by the
way get your kids to do that it's super
super cool I mean like don't use a good
laptop the Eon 16x is way overkill for
what we're doing today day but it's got
a sleek and compact design and manages
to pack in an Intel Core i 94 14900 HX
an RTX 490 mobile GPU Wi-Fi 60 64 gigs
of RAM and 3 terab of total system
storage on Samsung 990 Pro nvme drives
moving on Hospital server room yeah
don't go to this Hospital you're going
to die hey battery backup though that's
a big one so that's something a UPS
ain't saving you like one pair of
scissors who knows knows who's dying
yeah like holy wonder what this bracket
is from hey they made sure they didn't
lose the screws though they're right
there it's for the UPS top comments
probably like I know which cable or
something found Waldo click on that what
is click on the link oh there's a guy
there's a guy go back to the picture no
shot top
middle scroll down a little to the right
yeah he's right there you can see
him I think I might know that guy
man the guy that noticed that is
wild user dropped it walking to the car
it came in the day after the Super
Bowl you are so full of you sir
that is not from being dropped that's a
I lost my bet or did he spike it in
Victory maybe you know uh yeah depends
on how he came in that day was he upset
or happy yeah there's no way that's a
drop oh no I can totally see what
happened here yeah yeah literally you
can see the bend yeah dropped it while
walking to the car yeah I dropped it
while walking to the car and then I
drove over it seven times customer came
in with his iPhone his glass cracked he
thought he could peel off the glass so
he wouldn't notice the crack anymore
what I mean mission accomplished I mean
yeah I don't see the crack much I can
still see the
crack how do you even go go that far it
would have broken about halfway like
why' you keep committing to it it's like
some real methhead energy or something I
don't
know why did you keep going gouged the
out of it didn't you reach a point where
you were like maybe I should stop he he
missed some glass here there's still
glass here yeah he left some of the
crack yeah that's the problem with this
Jordan that hey like my God fair enough
I need somewhere to set this candle yeah
not there oh they put it on top of a
computer it dripped through the top
grill it's like someone barked
Pepto-Bismol into the cage the two
capacitors on the bottom right make it
look like
Kirby Kirby has consumed This Server no
I know what it is it's got to be like a
cable
box that would also explain why somebody
has a candle on it yeah it looks like
there's like RCA jacks or yeah I think
this is a cable box oh gross is wax
conductive I don't think so cuz like I
I'd be curious on if this PC as long as
it didn't get in anything major maybe it
still works it'd be warm
well cleaning out a PC belonging to a
cutting Stone Shop oh
god well you're going to want a mask for
that it doesn't stop there's a learnable
here there's a reason those computers
that are passively cooled like the
industrial computers yeah there's a
reason they exist bro probably going to
have like as best as poisoning after
whatever he's blown out of there cuz
that's nuts what's the top comment
what's the top comment so gross holy
it doesn't
stop it's because Loops I spit I'm so
sorry but I I spit actually that was the
funniest followup comment it's cuz the
give Loops
DB anyway you need to be using a passive
computer a sealed one yeah for this yeah
we have one in our shop for that reason
well hang on folks we've got another
quick word from origin piece here it's
all about their Eon 15 SL if you need
something a little smaller with a little
less horsepower at a lower price the 15
SL might be for you it's still got a 240
HZ 2560 x600 display along with most of
the same iio we saw earlier it's a great
option for anyone gaming on the go now
this oh my goodness my space heater
stopped working I think a lot more
probably stopped how do you even do
that's straight up so dangerous is
terrifying don't plug a space heater
into a power bar and if you do don't
plug in anything else no just don't yes
but if you do no just don't it even says
on the cable I know yeah but they also
they compounded the error Jake they
compounded it this is a compound error
it was next to the
heater so do you think the SP how does
it how does it get that far and like you
don't that's a good point too yeah like
how do you get to this point and nothing
failed beforehand this is every level of
scary yeah when it wasn't a phone holder
after
all oh no oh I've seen this one oh my
god when it wasn't a phone holder oh
wait wait wait wait now you can just
lift the screen up and hold it up with a
drink for like angling no no just peel
it peel off the glass Parts oh cuz the
part under it is flexible you could do
both is that for like ventilation that's
supposed I don't what is that for I
don't know yeah you can't even access it
it's not very big I what is that for
it's not a phone it's not a phone holder
though someone's going to know let us
know in the comments I have no idea
tragedy customer put toilet paper
between CPU and the cooler because he
read online it was almost as good uh the
worst part is this looks like it was
running for a while it looks burnt like
it's got dust and stuff built up kind of
where it would be and such zoom in are
you serious it looks almost like it's
kind of like just turned into powder and
the thing is that with a processor from
this era the computer would probably
work a fair bit it would just thermal
throttle to hell in back mhm and the
performance would suck what article
would that have been was it
AI you know what when was this post made
Let's close out of the uh just hit the X
and top right yeah years ago this would
not have been generative AI uh yeah no
it's not as good as thermal paast please
use thermal past don't do that yeah or
PTM 7950 LTD store.com there you go bend
it except oh my God love the edit the
edit makes it so much better the little
just
like this is nothing compared to the
time we had the editors build their own
workstations and one of them
Dennis one of them Dennis screwed the
motherboard into the motherboard back
plate without a standoff when the rest
of the board was secured with
standoffs yeah was it Dennis and then
proceeded to edit on that machine for
several years it was definitely Dennis I
believe it was Dennis okay end user had
a heater next to the PC was randomly
shutting off she thought she smelled
burning a couple of times it is
literally screaming yeah look at the US
I can see the little face with the audio
and it's literally
like it's probably fine yeah but like oh
at my old job I 100% saw this yeah I had
a client who their computer was shutting
off randomly and they couldn't figure
out what the source was but they had a
heater by their feet and the computer
was under the desk so it kept shutting
the computer off so I this is probably
more common than we would ever like to
admit it looks like it's just the bezel
at least too it's not like the cases and
yeah as long as there's no longevity of
heat damage to any of the components
right all right we got a couple more
here down to the last ones when Amazon
support told me to bake my SSD in the
oven may I know what happened here I'll
I'll be I'll be Amazon you be Amazon all
right may I know what happened yes I
connected this SSD to my computer I
tried both slots and my motherboard did
not detect it I have another SSD and it
works perfectly in both slots thank you
for the information if I may ask do you
have your internal SSD right now the
Western Digital one that I bought from
Amazon yes perfect can you please try to
remove the RAM and then put it back
that's a bit of a Twist okay it is a
Karen oh it says Karen customer serice
oh two RS yeah all right in my computer
I'm using that to talk to you yes please
so polite the ram SE is correctly I can
assure you of that also if I did that I
would have to end this call I do
understand that this might be weird but
I'll assure you that this will work try
to preheat your oven oh my God preheat
your oven to 150 F he just goes with it
how much is that in Celsius the bot
recommends them because they have a
broken m.2 SSD to pull the ram out of
their system preheat their oven to bake
the ram did they say to put it on tin
foil too wrap the ram tightly in tin
foil so bake the ram bake the ram that
is a
wild I mean look reflowing things in an
oven can work as a temporary measure to
maybe pull data off of it if a if a
solder joint has has failed don't try to
justify anything from I mean I've done
I've done data recovery we had to freeze
the hard drive so the opposite opposite
direction of heating okay that's
fine and you especially shouldn't put
your RAM in the oven if you have a
broken SSD and leave the power cable
connected while you're baking it all
right on to the next one so this is why
we don't run a 50ft budget HDMI cable
yes you've been there oh yeah usually
like this is more than we usually get
with long this is pretty good for a
super long cable they're lucky they got
anything do you remember 16k gaming and
the hell we went through with the cables
on that I do yeah that's how I found
infinite cables that makes sense yeah
they were the only ones that had a
decent quality long display port C in
Canada that could ship quickly dude we
bought so many cables for that stupid
video yeah like I think probably four or
five different sets I mean the the right
side of the screen is
okay just keep your Discord on the right
side
exactly I hope you all had as much fun
as we did I just want to take another
moment to once again thank our sponsor
origin PC whether you need a balls to
the wall Max out Eon 16x or something a
little more modest like the Eon 15s
Origins got you covered you can check
them out using the link down below if
you guys enjoyed this video maybe check
out the one where we roasted our
colleagues gaming setups